# Unikpix-Generator

The UNIKPIX GENERATOR is a project that converts the user input text into the random imnage.
The image that is generated by this unikpix generator is always unique image if you have  entered the same text again.
You cannot find the images in google or any website that are generated by this Website.
Unikpix Generator always try to create the new images based on your input text.

FOR RUNNING FRONTEND PART

1. Open the project in VS Code.
2. Open the new terminal (For running the project frontend we should have to open terminal).
3. After opening the terminal makesure to install the nodemodules folder. For that type command - npm i
4. Check whether is it in frontend folder or not (in my system)
    It Looks Like :- PS F:\kartheeek\myproject\Frontend> 
    then Type this command - npm start
    It looks like :- PS F:\kartheeek\myproject\Frontend>npm start
   Make sure you have choosen the correct path in your system.
5. The project will be open in the chrome.
6. The folders that are uploaded for only reference.
7. make sure about u r folders and copy the code u want to that particular file.
8. The Folders that i had uploaded is not mandatory u can change according to yourself.



FOR RUNNING BACKEND PART

1. Open the project in VS Code.
2. Make sure that the node is installed on your system.
3. Open the new terminal (For running the project backend we should have to open terminal)
4. Check whether is it in backend folder or not 
    It looks like :- PS F:\kartheeek\myproject\Backend> 
    then type this command to run backend - nodemon Server.js
    It looks like :- PS F:\kartheeek\myproject\Backend>nodemon Server.js
    make sure that before typing this command the nodemon package is installed in your system
    If it not installed then install the nodemon package 
    type this command in terminal :- npm i nodemon -g
                    or 
    if you don't want to install the nodemon package in your system then install it for your project
    type this command :- npm i nodemon
                    or
    we can run the backend server like this also
    type command :- node Server.js
    It looks like :- PS F:\kartheeek\myproject\Backend>node Server.js
5. Make sure that the frontend is also in running.
